capital = 107
oob = "YUG_1936"

set_research_slots = 3
add_ideas = {
	neutrality_idea
}

set_technology = {
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
}

set_convoys = 10

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1935.5.3"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 15
	fascism = 10
	communism = 15
	neutrality = 60
}


set_stability = 0.6
add_timed_idea = { idea = no_training days= 730 }
add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = infantry_equipment_1
	amount = 12000
}
add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = support_equipment
	amount = 175
}
add_manpower = 375000


create_country_leader = {
	name = "Prince Paul"
	desc = "POLITICS_PRINCE_PAUL_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_Yugoslavia_Prince_Paul.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = despotism
	traits = {
		#
	}

recruit_character = YUG_prince_paul
recruit_character = YUG_milan_stojadinovic
recruit_character = YUG_milan_grol
recruit_character = YUG_josip_broz_tito
recruit_character = YUG_vladimir_Cukavac
recruit_character = YUG_ivan_gosnjak
recruit_character = YUG_danilo_kalafatovic
recruit_character = YUG_milutin_nedic
recruit_character = YUG_petar_kosic
recruit_character = YUG_josef_depre
recruit_character = YUG_marijan_polic
recruit_character = YUG_borivoje_mirkovic
recruit_character = YUG_dusan_simovic
recruit_character = YUG_draza_mihailovic
recruit_character = YUG_mihajlo_lukic
recruit_character = YUG_bogoljub_ilic
recruit_character = YUG_petar_vukcevic
recruit_character = YUG_ljubomir_maric
recruit_character = YUG_arso_jovanovic
recruit_character = YUG_slobodan_jovanovic
recruit_character = YUG_milovan_djilas
recruit_character = YUG_milan_nedic
recruit_character = YUG_ivan_ribar
recruit_character = YUG_dimitrije_ljotic
recruit_character = YUG_ivo_lola_ribar
recruit_character = YUG_peter_ii
recruit_character = SOV_vasily_flug
recruit_character = SOV_boris_shteifon


}
